androidx/transition/R.java
 androidx.transition.R
 androidx.transition.R$anim
 androidx.transition.R$attr
 androidx.transition.R$bool
 androidx.transition.R$color
 androidx.transition.R$dimen
 androidx.transition.R$drawable
 androidx.transition.R$id
 androidx.transition.R$integer
 androidx.transition.R$layout
 androidx.transition.R$string
 androidx.transition.R$style
 androidx.transition.R$styleable
com/onimaskesi/mvvmsampleapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.BuildConfig
androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
androidx/activity/ktx/R.java
 androidx.activity.ktx.R
 androidx.activity.ktx.R$attr
 androidx.activity.ktx.R$color
 androidx.activity.ktx.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.ktx.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.ktx.R$id
 androidx.activity.ktx.R$integer
 androidx.activity.ktx.R$layout
 androidx.activity.ktx.R$string
 androidx.activity.ktx.R$style
 androidx.activity.ktx.R$styleable
androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
androidx/appcompat/resources/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$styleable
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$anim
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
org/kodein/di/android/R.java
 org.kodein.di.android.R
androidx/navigation/R.java
 androidx.navigation.R
 androidx.navigation.R$attr
 androidx.navigation.R$color
 androidx.navigation.R$dimen
 androidx.navigation.R$drawable
 androidx.navigation.R$id
 androidx.navigation.R$integer
 androidx.navigation.R$layout
 androidx.navigation.R$string
 androidx.navigation.R$style
 androidx.navigation.R$styleable
androidx/navigation/common/ktx/R.java
 androidx.navigation.common.ktx.R
 androidx.navigation.common.ktx.R$attr
 androidx.navigation.common.ktx.R$color
 androidx.navigation.common.ktx.R$dimen
 androidx.navigation.common.ktx.R$drawable
 androidx.navigation.common.ktx.R$id
 androidx.navigation.common.ktx.R$integer
 androidx.navigation.common.ktx.R$layout
 androidx.navigation.common.ktx.R$string
 androidx.navigation.common.ktx.R$style
 androidx.navigation.common.ktx.R$styleable
androidx/asynclayoutinflater/R.java
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$color
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$id
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$string
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$style
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable
androidx/room/ktx/R.java
 androidx.room.ktx.R
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
androidx/preference/ktx/R.java
 androidx.preference.ktx.R
 androidx.preference.ktx.R$anim
 androidx.preference.ktx.R$attr
 androidx.preference.ktx.R$bool
 androidx.preference.ktx.R$color
 androidx.preference.ktx.R$dimen
 androidx.preference.ktx.R$drawable
 androidx.preference.ktx.R$id
 androidx.preference.ktx.R$integer
 androidx.preference.ktx.R$interpolator
 androidx.preference.ktx.R$layout
 androidx.preference.ktx.R$string
 androidx.preference.ktx.R$style
 androidx.preference.ktx.R$styleable
androidx/navigation/ui/ktx/R.java
 androidx.navigation.ui.ktx.R
 androidx.navigation.ui.ktx.R$anim
 androidx.navigation.ui.ktx.R$animator
 androidx.navigation.ui.ktx.R$attr
 androidx.navigation.ui.ktx.R$bool
 androidx.navigation.ui.ktx.R$color
 androidx.navigation.ui.ktx.R$dimen
 androidx.navigation.ui.ktx.R$drawable
 androidx.navigation.ui.ktx.R$id
 androidx.navigation.ui.ktx.R$integer
 androidx.navigation.ui.ktx.R$interpolator
 androidx.navigation.ui.ktx.R$layout
 androidx.navigation.ui.ktx.R$string
 androidx.navigation.ui.ktx.R$style
 androidx.navigation.ui.ktx.R$styleable
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
androidx/recyclerview/R.java
 androidx.recyclerview.R
 androidx.recyclerview.R$attr
 androidx.recyclerview.R$color
 androidx.recyclerview.R$dimen
 androidx.recyclerview.R$drawable
 androidx.recyclerview.R$id
 androidx.recyclerview.R$integer
 androidx.recyclerview.R$layout
 androidx.recyclerview.R$string
 androidx.recyclerview.R$style
 androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable
androidx/preference/R.java
 androidx.preference.R
 androidx.preference.R$anim
 androidx.preference.R$attr
 androidx.preference.R$bool
 androidx.preference.R$color
 androidx.preference.R$dimen
 androidx.preference.R$drawable
 androidx.preference.R$id
 androidx.preference.R$integer
 androidx.preference.R$interpolator
 androidx.preference.R$layout
 androidx.preference.R$string
 androidx.preference.R$style
 androidx.preference.R$styleable
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/R.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.R
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.R$id
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
androidx/vectordrawable/animated/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
com/xwray/groupie/databinding/R.java
 com.xwray.groupie.databinding.R
androidx/lifecycle/ktx/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.ktx.R
org/kodein/di/android/x/R.java
 org.kodein.di.android.x.R
 org.kodein.di.android.x.R$anim
 org.kodein.di.android.x.R$attr
 org.kodein.di.android.x.R$bool
 org.kodein.di.android.x.R$color
 org.kodein.di.android.x.R$dimen
 org.kodein.di.android.x.R$drawable
 org.kodein.di.android.x.R$id
 org.kodein.di.android.x.R$integer
 org.kodein.di.android.x.R$layout
 org.kodein.di.android.x.R$string
 org.kodein.di.android.x.R$style
 org.kodein.di.android.x.R$styleable
com/onimaskesi/mvvmsampleapp/DataBindingInfo.java
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.DataBindingInfo
androidx/sqlite/db/framework/R.java
 androidx.sqlite.db.framework.R
androidx/media/R.java
 androidx.media.R
 androidx.media.R$attr
 androidx.media.R$color
 androidx.media.R$dimen
 androidx.media.R$drawable
 androidx.media.R$id
 androidx.media.R$integer
 androidx.media.R$layout
 androidx.media.R$string
 androidx.media.R$style
 androidx.media.R$styleable
androidx/core/ktx/R.java
 androidx.core.ktx.R
 androidx.core.ktx.R$attr
 androidx.core.ktx.R$color
 androidx.core.ktx.R$dimen
 androidx.core.ktx.R$drawable
 androidx.core.ktx.R$id
 androidx.core.ktx.R$integer
 androidx.core.ktx.R$layout
 androidx.core.ktx.R$string
 androidx.core.ktx.R$style
 androidx.core.ktx.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/ktx/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.ktx.R
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
androidx/viewpager2/R.java
 androidx.viewpager2.R
 androidx.viewpager2.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager2.R$color
 androidx.viewpager2.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager2.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager2.R$id
 androidx.viewpager2.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager2.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager2.R$string
 androidx.viewpager2.R$style
 androidx.viewpager2.R$styleable
com/onimaskesi/mvvmsampleapp/databinding/ActivitySignupBinding.java
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.databinding.ActivitySignupBinding
androidx/legacy/v4/R.java
 androidx.legacy.v4.R
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$color
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$id
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$string
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$style
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$styleable
androidx/navigation/common/R.java
 androidx.navigation.common.R
 androidx.navigation.common.R$attr
 androidx.navigation.common.R$color
 androidx.navigation.common.R$dimen
 androidx.navigation.common.R$drawable
 androidx.navigation.common.R$id
 androidx.navigation.common.R$integer
 androidx.navigation.common.R$layout
 androidx.navigation.common.R$string
 androidx.navigation.common.R$style
 androidx.navigation.common.R$styleable
androidx/databinding/library/R.java
 androidx.databinding.library.R
 androidx.databinding.library.R$id
androidx/lifecycle/extensions/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$anim
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$attr
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$color
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$dimen
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$drawable
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$id
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$integer
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$layout
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$string
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$style
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$styleable
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
androidx/cardview/R.java
 androidx.cardview.R
 androidx.cardview.R$attr
 androidx.cardview.R$color
 androidx.cardview.R$dimen
 androidx.cardview.R$style
 androidx.cardview.R$styleable
com/onimaskesi/mvvmsampleapp/data/db/AppDatabase_Impl.java
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.data.db.AppDatabase_Impl
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.data.db.AppDatabase_Impl$1
androidx/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
androidx/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$interpolator
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
androidx/legacy/coreui/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.R
com/onimaskesi/mvvmsampleapp/R.java
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.R
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.R$anim
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.R$animator
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.R$attr
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.R$bool
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.R$color
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.R$dimen
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.R$drawable
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.R$id
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.R$integer
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.R$interpolator
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.R$layout
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.R$mipmap
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.R$plurals
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.R$string
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.R$style
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.R$styleable
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.R$xml
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
com/onimaskesi/mvvmsampleapp/data/db/UserDao_Impl.java
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.data.db.UserDao_Impl
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.data.db.UserDao_Impl$1
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.data.db.UserDao_Impl$2
com/xwray/groupie/R.java
 com.xwray.groupie.R
 com.xwray.groupie.R$attr
 com.xwray.groupie.R$color
 com.xwray.groupie.R$dimen
 com.xwray.groupie.R$drawable
 com.xwray.groupie.R$id
 com.xwray.groupie.R$integer
 com.xwray.groupie.R$layout
 com.xwray.groupie.R$string
 com.xwray.groupie.R$style
 com.xwray.groupie.R$styleable
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
com/onimaskesi/mvvmsampleapp/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/ktx/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.ktx.R
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
com/google/android/material/R.java
 com.google.android.material.R
 com.google.android.material.R$anim
 com.google.android.material.R$animator
 com.google.android.material.R$attr
 com.google.android.material.R$bool
 com.google.android.material.R$color
 com.google.android.material.R$dimen
 com.google.android.material.R$drawable
 com.google.android.material.R$id
 com.google.android.material.R$integer
 com.google.android.material.R$interpolator
 com.google.android.material.R$layout
 com.google.android.material.R$plurals
 com.google.android.material.R$string
 com.google.android.material.R$style
 com.google.android.material.R$styleable
 com.google.android.material.R$xml
androidx/annotation/experimental/R.java
 androidx.annotation.experimental.R
androidx/constraintlayout/widget/R.java
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$attr
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$id
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$styleable
androidx/navigation/ktx/R.java
 androidx.navigation.ktx.R
 androidx.navigation.ktx.R$attr
 androidx.navigation.ktx.R$color
 androidx.navigation.ktx.R$dimen
 androidx.navigation.ktx.R$drawable
 androidx.navigation.ktx.R$id
 androidx.navigation.ktx.R$integer
 androidx.navigation.ktx.R$layout
 androidx.navigation.ktx.R$string
 androidx.navigation.ktx.R$style
 androidx.navigation.ktx.R$styleable
androidx/slidingpanelayout/R.java
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$attr
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$color
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$id
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$integer
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$layout
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$string
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$style
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable
com/onimaskesi/mvvmsampleapp/BR.java
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.BR
androidx/navigation/fragment/R.java
 androidx.navigation.fragment.R
 androidx.navigation.fragment.R$anim
 androidx.navigation.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.navigation.fragment.R$color
 androidx.navigation.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.navigation.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.navigation.fragment.R$id
 androidx.navigation.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.navigation.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.navigation.fragment.R$string
 androidx.navigation.fragment.R$style
 androidx.navigation.fragment.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/process/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.process.R
androidx/sqlite/db/R.java
 androidx.sqlite.db.R
androidx/lifecycle/service/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.service.R
androidx/navigation/fragment/ktx/R.java
 androidx.navigation.fragment.ktx.R
 androidx.navigation.fragment.ktx.R$anim
 androidx.navigation.fragment.ktx.R$attr
 androidx.navigation.fragment.ktx.R$color
 androidx.navigation.fragment.ktx.R$dimen
 androidx.navigation.fragment.ktx.R$drawable
 androidx.navigation.fragment.ktx.R$id
 androidx.navigation.fragment.ktx.R$integer
 androidx.navigation.fragment.ktx.R$layout
 androidx.navigation.fragment.ktx.R$string
 androidx.navigation.fragment.ktx.R$style
 androidx.navigation.fragment.ktx.R$styleable
androidx/navigation/ui/R.java
 androidx.navigation.ui.R
 androidx.navigation.ui.R$anim
 androidx.navigation.ui.R$animator
 androidx.navigation.ui.R$attr
 androidx.navigation.ui.R$bool
 androidx.navigation.ui.R$color
 androidx.navigation.ui.R$dimen
 androidx.navigation.ui.R$drawable
 androidx.navigation.ui.R$id
 androidx.navigation.ui.R$integer
 androidx.navigation.ui.R$interpolator
 androidx.navigation.ui.R$layout
 androidx.navigation.ui.R$string
 androidx.navigation.ui.R$style
 androidx.navigation.ui.R$styleable
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
com/xwray/groupie/kotlinandroidextensions/R.java
 com.xwray.groupie.kotlinandroidextensions.R
androidx/fragment/ktx/R.java
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R$anim
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R$color
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R$id
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R$string
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R$style
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R$styleable
androidx/room/R.java
 androidx.room.R
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/onimaskesi/mvvmsampleapp/databinding/ActivitySignupBindingImpl.java
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.databinding.ActivitySignupBindingImpl
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.savedstate.R
com/onimaskesi/mvvmsampleapp/databinding/ActivityLoginBindingImpl.java
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.databinding.ActivityLoginBindingImpl
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.databinding.ActivityLoginBindingImpl$1
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.databinding.ActivityLoginBindingImpl$2
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.databinding.ActivityLoginBindingImpl$OnClickListenerImpl
com/onimaskesi/mvvmsampleapp/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.onimaskesi.mvvmsampleapp.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
